# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AWSAuth

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSAuthCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSAuthUI

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSAutoScaling

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCloudWatch

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognito

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProvider

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProviderASF

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSDynamoDB

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSEC2

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSElasticLoadBalancing

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSFacebookSignIn

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSGoogleSignIn

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSIoT

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSKMS

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSKinesis

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSLambda

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSLex

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSLogs

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSMachineLearning

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSMobileClient

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSPinpoint

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSPolly

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSRekognition

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSS3

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSSES

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSSNS

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSSQS

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSSimpleDB

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSUserPoolsSignIn

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## FBSDKCoreKit

Copyright (c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.

You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software in source code or binary form for use
in connection with the web services and APIs provided by Facebook.

As with any software that integrates with the Facebook platform, your use of
this software is subject to the Facebook Developer Principles and Policies
[http://developers.facebook.com/policy/]. This copyright notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


## FBSDKLoginKit

Copyright (c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.

You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software in source code or binary form for use
in connection with the web services and APIs provided by Facebook.

As with any software that integrates with the Facebook platform, your use of
this software is subject to the Facebook Developer Principles and Policies
[http://developers.facebook.com/policy/]. This copyright notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
